docs/development/style-guide.md, before:

# GitGym Go Style Guide

GitGym adopts the [Uber Go Style Guide](https://github.com/uber-go/guide/blob/master/style.md) as its primary coding standard. This document highlights key patterns we strictly enforce.

## 1. Interface Compliance
Verify interface compliance at compile time. This ensures that if the interface changes, the compiler catches missing methods immediately.

**Pattern:**
```go
type MyCommand struct{}

// Ensure MyCommand implements git.Command
var _ git.Command = (*MyCommand)(nil)
```

**Apply to:**
- All `Command` implementations in `internal/git/commands`.
- All `Session` or `Storer` implementations.

## 2. Error Handling
- **Wrap Errors**: Use `%w` when wrapping errors to allow callers to unwrap them using `errors.Is` or `errors.As`.
    ```go
    // Bad
    return fmt.Errorf("failed to call foo: %v", err)
    // Good
    return fmt.Errorf("failed to call foo: %w", err)
    ```
- **Static vs Dynamic**:
    - Static strings: `errors.New("something went wrong")`
    - Dynamic strings: `fmt.Errorf("file %s not found", name)`

## 3. Performance
- **Pre-allocate Slices/Maps**: When the size is known or estimated, use `make` with capacity.
    ```go
    // Bad
    var data []string
    for _, item := range items {
        data = append(data, item)
    }

    // Good
    data := make([]string, 0, len(items))
    ```
- **Strconv vs Fmt**: Use `strconv.Itoa(i)` instead of `fmt.Sprintf("%d", i)` for simple conversions.

## 4. Zero Values
- Use zero-value initialization where possible.
- **Mutexes**: `sync.Mutex` and `sync.RWMutex` are valid zero values. No need to point to them.
- **Slices**: `nil` slices are valid.
    ```go
    // Bad
    s := []string{}
    // Good
    var s []string
    ```

## 5. Linting & Static Analysis
We enforce strict code quality via `golangci-lint`:
- **Execution**: `scripts/test-all.sh` is the source of truth.
- **Rule**: No lint warnings are allowed in production code.
- **Test Exemption**: It is acceptable to use `--tests=false` for `golangci-lint` to avoid over-zealous security checks (like `gosec`) in `_test.go` files, provided the main code is secure.
- **Unhandled Errors (G104)**: You MUST handle or explicitly ignore errors. `_ = f.Close()` is required, not just `f.Close()`.

Commit message:

refactor(frontend): Reimplement Modal component using native dialog element and add new audit reports.

docs/development/style-guide.md, after:

# GitGym Go Style Guide

GitGym adopts the [Uber Go Style Guide](https://github.com/uber-go/guide/blob/master/style.md) as its primary coding standard. This document highlights key patterns we strictly enforce.

## 1. Interface Compliance
Verify interface compliance at compile time. This ensures that if the interface changes, the compiler catches missing methods immediately.

**Pattern:**
```go
type MyCommand struct{}

// Ensure MyCommand implements git.Command
var _ git.Command = (*MyCommand)(nil)
```

**Apply to:**
- All `Command` implementations in `internal/git/commands`.
- All `Session` or `Storer` implementations.

## 2. Error Handling
- **Wrap Errors**: Use `%w` when wrapping errors to allow callers to unwrap them using `errors.Is` or `errors.As`.
    ```go
    // Bad
    return fmt.Errorf("failed to call foo: %v", err)
    // Good
    return fmt.Errorf("failed to call foo: %w", err)
    ```
- **Static vs Dynamic**:
    - Static strings: `errors.New("something went wrong")`
    - Dynamic strings: `fmt.Errorf("file %s not found", name)`

## 3. Performance
- **Pre-allocate Slices/Maps**: When the size is known or estimated, use `make` with capacity.
    ```go
    // Bad
    var data []string
    for _, item := range items {
        data = append(data, item)
    }

    // Good
    data := make([]string, 0, len(items))
    ```
- **Strconv vs Fmt**: Use `strconv.Itoa(i)` instead of `fmt.Sprintf("%d", i)` for simple conversions.

## 4. Zero Values
- Use zero-value initialization where possible.
- **Mutexes**: `sync.Mutex` and `sync.RWMutex` are valid zero values. No need to point to them.
- **Slices**: `nil` slices are valid.
    ```go
    // Bad
    s := []string{}
    // Good
    var s []string
    ```

## 5. Linting & Static Analysis
We enforce strict code quality via `golangci-lint`:
- **Execution**: `scripts/test-all.sh` is the source of truth.
- **Rule**: No lint warnings are allowed in production code.
- **Test Exemption**: It is acceptable to use `--tests=false` for `golangci-lint` to avoid over-zealous security checks (like `gosec`) in `_test.go` files, provided the main code is secure.
-   **Unhandled Errors (G104)**: You MUST handle or explicitly ignore errors. `_ = f.Close()` is required, not just `f.Close()`.

## 6. Native First UI (Frontend Patterns)
-   **Prefer Native Elements**: Use browser-native elements over custom JS implementations where possible.
    -   **Modals**: Use `<dialog>` with `.showModal()` instead of `<div>` overlays. It handles focus trapping and Esc key naturally.
    -   **Popovers**: Use the Popover API (if supported) or `<details>`/`<summary>` for simple toggles.
-   **Internationalization (i18n)**: All user-facing text must be wrapped in `t()` from `react-i18next`. Even empty states and error messages.
